
# 11-02-2026 Sprint 5 midweek meeting / mentor

Project Manager: Rishi

# Updates

- Jack and Rishi: Good progress on the templates front, everything should be finished by the end of the week. Need to adjust the UI on the courseworks page to make it seem more coherent. Basic project provisioning is done, will need to implement fault tolerance.

- Yuxuan: Seems to be several issues within the PR. Many features have been implemented within and the constant updates to the repo has changed how things work. Major issue is with seeding the database as there are several seed scripts and some are different. Fix has been found for slow test running and new fix has made the tests run faster. Josh will help fix the PR and seeding.

- Misi and Josh: There are concerns over how the test running engine should be implemented. There are currently 3 options:
    - Using AWS, this is difficult because of how AWS is structured inherently. There are many points of failure and it would be a nightmare to debug and get it up and running. Would definitely not be done by the end of the week.
    - Using E2B, this is a cloud SaaS that has exactly what we want (sandboxes). The developer experience is far better and we can get this up and running quickly. The problem is that the University may have to pay $25 for it.
    - Using Gitlab, this was recommended by Harry. We are not sure whether this is possible and how much control we would have over this system.

# To Do
- Schedule a meeting with Sarah to discuss possibility of using E2B.

