# Mentor Meeting Agenda -- 01-10-2025

## Contents
- [Meeting Details](#meeting-details)
- [Main Points](#main-points)
- [Questions and Queries](#questions-and-queries)
- [To-Do List](#to-do-list)
- [Next Meeting](#next-meeting)

## Meeting Details
**Date:**   01-10-2025

**Time:**   12:00

**Mentor:** Harry Greentree

**Team:**   Hrushikesh Emkay, Josh Jenkins, Yuxuan Wang, Mihaly Toth-Tarsoly, Jack Dempsey

## Main Points

### Viewing our Agenda
- Quite a lot of text in the agenda.
- Don't need whole section of milestones.
- **Core features and functionality, MVP, Nice to have, Integration requirements, Tech Stack and Existing System** is good.
- **Security and Compliance, Performance and scalability, and Accessibility Requirements** isn't needed for first meeting with client.

**Main purpose of first meeting is how and what you want to build.**

### Main goal is MVP
Focus on making a good MVP for the client.

**Might be one of the top groups :eyes:**

### Mark goal
**Highest mark is 85, aiming for 86+!**

### Can start coding
Frontend *could* be started now, while we wait for the client meeting.

### Reading
Read the Go book [here](https://bris.on.worldcat.org/search/detail/1245923252?queryString=building%20scalable%20and%20reliable&clusterResults=true&stickyFacetsChecked=true&groupVariantRecords=false)

## Questions and Queries

### Budget
Budget is infinite within reason.
Don't buy things straight away - speak to Harry or Sarah first.

### Name of project? 
Most people use whatever the project is actually called.

### How ambitious is our project?
"Hardest project on the list" - Harry

### Does the school want to use this system?
Harry assigned to us to make sure it goes well for us and Sarah.
High pressure, seems as if it ***has*** to go well.

### Frontend
Next.js and shadcn components sounds good!
- Components and routes will allow us to work together.
- Shadcn and other libraries won't change mark.

### Backend
No one has historically picked Go
- Might be a sign to change?
- Use what most comfortable in.
- Learning currently.
- Lot of boilerplate in Go?

### Databasing
- Check client wants to use SQL.
- PostgreSQL sounds good, industry standard.

### Single-Sign-On
Might be hard to liase with the technical services of the Univesity.

### Email Thoughts
CC'ing Tilo is fine, Mike is main contact.
Email looks fine.

### Microservice Rabbithole
Don't look at our code (what?!)
Not a **technical** unit, don't overengineer it, but it will make it easier to work on, but harder to setup.
More technical depth.
**Docker is important.**
If you have work ethic to do microservices from beginning, why not.

### Marking
**Will start next week - checking we are on track**

Triangle of three things. Initial group mark is viva/presentation/demo. **Big impression.**
- Hit all ILOS, points, will help marks.
- Looks at commits you've done, reviewing, closing, merging PRs, Issues (Kanban).
- Run a script that outputs all data (GitHub metrics).
- Individual contributions make the individual mark.
- 3rd part of triangle is mentor mark.
- All marks combined together to create your overall mark.
- **~6.5 hours is lower bound.**
- Contributors graph on github - Sarah will check that out.
- Will get grilled in the vivas.
- MVP viva will most likely be bad (no experience in technical University presentations).
- Improve overtime with vivas until we reach main viva.

### Meeting with client
How often? Up to you.
Ask Client about emailing, try not to overload them with emails about every small feature. 

## To-Do List
- Refactor [LaTeX](https://github.com/spe-uob/2025-ContinuousAssessment/blob/main/Agendas/client/Meeting_Agenda.tex) for first client meeting, using refinements suggested by Harry.
- Start frontend?
- Send email to client with meeting agenda.
- Readup on these projects. [Marine](https://github.com/spe-uob/2023-MarineConservationApp) and [Social Housing](https://github.com/spe-uob/2024-SocialHousingTenantPortal)
- Readup on the Go book (above)

## Next Meeting
**Date:**   08-10-2025

**Time:**   12:00
